MEPF (#2634)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/collaboration/public-folders/migrate-to-exchange-online.md

   Get-MailPublicFolder -ResultSize Unlimited | Export-CliXML Cloud_MEPF.xml
   ```

>     Note:
> Post migration, if external emails fail to MEPF in EXO with error 5.7.13 or 5.4.1, ensure the public folder has "CreateItems" permission enabled for anonymous user and [Domain Based Edge Blocking (DBEB)] (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mail-flow-best-practices/use-directory-based-edge-blocking) is disabled for the email domain configured on the public folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Post-migration, if external emails fail mail-enabled public folders in Exchange Online with error code 5.7.13 or 5.4.1, ensure that the public folder has _CreateItems_ permission enabled for anonymous users and [Domain Based Edge Blocking (DBEB)](/exchange/mail-flow-best-practices/use-directory-based-edge-blocking) is disabled for the email domain configured on the public folder.
```
